There are things you asked that I misunderstood or missed. No one has told you, so you're not in a position to know. I don't have one at something. 

[JBR] I can’t know what I don't know, that's all I'm saying. 

 I just know that there are a lot of things that don't create much change. So I'm trying to answer this because I don't know how to approach it, but you sent me a message about doing it in chronological order. So why don't you start with the earliest issue? The earliest like looking at having you ask first.  he never liked to ask him to discuss his will. If you can send it in the email, it mentioned something like a different executive at different assets, which made me wonder. I said I'm not sure how this will work; when did we have a discussion about it? Then we can see what we want to do. He never got back to me again, so that's where the matter stands. Kind of, it's just that that message you sent back regarding the time Card. The Cardis was perfect.  there was a time when he wanted to remove Col Tyler or male bishop, and he said that's what we didn't want. That's all I have on that as far as I'm concerned. You might have considered how much stuff you had, which is the start of the end.  i already found the email I was looking for. I was actually trying to pinpoint a moment when my relationship went downhill. I'm not accusing you; it's just funny.  i was trying to figure it out. So, what do you think about him not following his instructions, but just signing?  what's he signing a deal for? Why would Natalie sign Mum's codor? Mum never remembers any of the witnessing of Natalie's. I've got emails and text messages that say, ' well, come down on Sunday and sign them. ' 
 Jeremy, once again, I am being entirely honest with you regarding your questioning about whether I've done something wrong. So, what are the facts that I have done wrong here? Well, you know, three days before Dad passed,  

No, we're not talking about three days, four days have passed away.   
If we're talking about him in 2017, he sent me an email to which I responded, and then he never communicated with me on the topic again. What have I done? I did follow his instructions.   I said to him, "What is it you want to do?" I need some instructions from you, and he never got back to me. So how did I follow his instructions? He gives instructions, and I follow up on them, but he doesn't respond.  
 Of course not. You cannot act unless you have instructions. I had a question: "How about we do this, Adam?" Let me know your thoughts.   I go back to him and say, "Adam, I've got some questions about this. How would it work?" And he never followed up. As I'm concerned, he didn't want to do it. I didn't even actually know what he intended, and that's why I asked him, "What is it you want to do here now?"   I don't quite follow him. There's nothing personal in this. This is simply about whether he wants to do it; it's nothing personal, it’s just that idea.   Well, it's not personal, but how would you feel about this situation between me and my father? He asked me that question. So that's that. I've got nothing to hide there, and there's no further information on it.   He never came back to me. Believe me or don't believe me, it doesn't really matter because that is the fact. So that's 2017. What's next? 

 I think Simon just thought he signed up with Prime Capital, and that the prime accepted him as a lawyer. Now, you know as well as I do that kind resigned from the Bur, but it was designed from one of the Bur acts, which was a libo. You and Simon resigned because Andrew Krat said, you have to personally guarantee these or resign. And then your dad followed up, so we resigned.   So you resigned, and they accepted you as our legal representative. What first happened was that when they foreclosed, even though they had an agreement to roll over our line, they didn't accept again. Then we had to go through this ridiculous situation. That's not how it went. I could not tell whoever the lender was, prime. I'm not sure how this is relevant to anything, but whoever the lender was, quite rightly, as all lenders said, okay, let's park that for one second. I couldn't act for mum and dad as the guarantors, okay?   They accepted you. There were two different loan agreements. I don't even know why; I'll find that eventually. Why did we borrow one and then extend it to the other?   I tell you that I met with dad, who wanted to borrow this money. I advised them as a lawyer, as a financial adviser. I don’t think it is the right thing to do, but your father makes the decisions; that's all there is to it.   And then, if you fast forward, what I don’t know, three, four, five, six, or eight minutes later. Jeremy, I am not involved in what Dad asked me to do. And that was, you know, not right that I lent my father $200,000. Why do you want to lend him $200,000? All these things, as a lawyer, Jeremy, I didn’t, he’s a lawyer. Well, you did because you mortgaged out otherwise, didn’t you? The mortgage was in my name. It was in my personal name. Who took the mortgage out? I did, personally. Yes, who did it for you? My friend did it. You knew this. One thing you don’t seem to understand is that you do need to go to an independent lawyer to get advice about when a lawyer does not have a conflict of interest. I acted for the group of companies for years; I was a director and a lawyer for 26 years, 20 years at all times. I knew that was a reason he came to me. There’s no conflict there because I haven’t acted in conflict with their role. No, it doesn’t work like that, Jeremy. Dad said I want to grant a mortgage. Whether or not I get my firm to register the mortgage or whether or not I get another firm to register the mortgage, Dad, knowing that I’m a lawyer and lending the money, has instructed me and requested me to register a mortgage. Now, just so we know here, we’re not recording anything, are we? Because I don’t want to record anything on purpose and there was a reason I came into it; it’s my house, don’t. No, I know, but you won’t live there at the time because I moved home to look after my first of all Mum and Dad. So, that’s not what we’re talking about. I’m talking about that I don’t want to be recorded. So, is that the next thing we’re talking about? That you think I’ve got a conflict of interest for having Dad’s lawyer for 20 years? Well, I don’t. I just don’t. And even if I did, which I don’t, I haven’t done anything that has been in breach of my duty as a lawyer. What have I done? Once I go all this happens, what you’ve done? No, Adam, he is not going to really, you know, you have known for years, haven’t you? How have I attacked you? Oh, come on, have I attacked you? Adam, I have. Have you? Tell me about it.  You’re not exactly someone with a positive disposition toward words. Jeremy, you’ve been attacking me five years before I went. What do you want me to do? Do you want me to put a book together of the emails and text messages? I asked you, when was it? It was 2017 that was his instructions. I never had a problem with Dad’s instructions in 2017; he didn’t give him further instructions, or he didn’t follow them up. Hold on a second here. Dad’s really bad, can you please speak to Jeremy about my will? Did you do it the other way? We’ve been down at the farm all our lives. When we were down at the farm with Radio Showboys in 2006, I think, it was just before I was elected, I think. Then you decided to start talking about Mum and Dad’s world in front of them, and I found that odd. But anyway, when we went and chatted about it, you then asked Mum and me to have lunch with you up in South Melbourne, if I remember correctly. I’m kind of on edge, you know? I’ve been doing everything, but the fortunes of Burdick seem to have gone down here rapidly, and I don’t know what that’s got to do with me. Well, you seem to have stood in at really interesting times, haven’t you? For instance, why did you remove yourself and Simon as directors of Ann Savanto on the 25th of June before the contractor sale? We didn’t, did we? I didn’t. I’ve got the paperwork from print. There was something there saying you resigned. This is you on the 19th of July. No, I didn’t, it was different. I’m telling you, I sent it to you. I put together the documentation. I kept it to be adjourned on a Saturday or Sunday, and O’Sullivan sent me a whole bunch of documents for removing as a director. Never. I have a resignation, as I haven’t. It didn’t happen. You’ve signed a resignation as a director of Anv. I have not signed a resignation for Anart Nominees Proprietary Limited; I have never signed a resignation, so if there is one…that meeting, and then put yourself on… which is when you got Mum and Dad to… everything. I wouldn’t know about that. They didn’t act as directors. The documentation was signed by Mum and Dad. I’ll give it to all of you. I’ll put it together this week and send you that. But let me explain myself. As I said, whether or not you want to believe me, you don’t have to. I’ll give you the full history of the directorship for myself, okay? I was removed as a director twice. I was a director the first time by this O’Sullivan thing, and then Dad called Simon up and said, “I want you to come down and see me.” Mum calls Simon, couldn't actually call anyone. Simon goes down to see Dad and Dad says I want to sell a farm. And Simon says, well, how am I gonna sell a farm?  I’m not a director? And he says, well, you and Adam become directors again, and I want you to sell the farm. This is not a reason for you both not to be workers at that point. Simon told how did we know that we were doing. OSullivan had seen us on any amount of paperwork three times, and that in put you back on. I never removed myself as a director; I resigned as a director. I never did. I never did. So I’ll get the documentation for you. So, Dad does that, and then Dad says, Simon, I want you to sell the farm, and Mum’s got a video of him. Mum’s got a video, or someone’s seen that video. We can send a video. I’ve been waiting for, I thought Simon had sent it, and that was that. And then you removed us as directors some time in 20020. Well, that was after I went down to the farm and found out all the illegal conduct that had been going on.  That’s not me; it’s not. You can keep shrugging your shoulders at me. I’ve never done a thing. What have I done? I’m not here to say that you’ve never done anything illegal in your life. I said it happened to be a criminal thing on your part. I haven’t done that. What if I don’t tell you? I’m not here for your statement, not mine. But okay, so you’re not doubting me. Why do I have to believe or not? You’re giving me a facial expression like I’m saying something wrong. I’ve never done anything criminal in my entire life. I don’t believe it. I don’t think we’re negotiating on anything, are we? You took your stand. Did you profit off the loss of our family business? How would the whole thing settle? Do you know how that went? I don’t really want to know how it went because I’ve got it all written down and I read everything you’ve told—one person told another, who told another. How do you know what I’ve told people? Because Simon said they’re saying that you expressly told Susan not to set it up? We did, no, we didn’t tell them not to set up. I never said we didn’t say don’t. Here’s a big one for me: you don’t understand how you’re supposed to go to VCA and then to the Supreme Court. It has nothing to do with our case. Robert moved to Queensland; his son gets all the shares and the equity. He doesn’t have a girl who has a partnership in your firm. His brother’s nephew? How do you know he’s got any equity? How do you know he is a shareholder in the company? I have no idea. But anyway, how is this relevant? I didn’t know Rob was retiring until Rob retired. Of course, I didn’t. You can tell me I did or didn’t, but I didn’t. I’m not interested. I really am. Isn’t there anywhere? Hello. You and Simon.  I I work; Jack wasn't easy to work with. I have worked for 20 years building up our businesses. Dave, you fuckers took away at the end of the way you did. Come off, mate.  I'm sorry. I'm asking you, so number one is, I'm sitting there trying to regionalise it. We should never have had the cash zone that we've had.  I've been asking for it because you're a director. I told you at the time that we needed it, and I kept saying we needed to have our books for review. We need to have a look at them. I know I wasn't a director, actually.  In fact, not only was I not a director, but I was treated as one. It's funny; we never had Agriculture Victoria come onto our farm before. They came down to address our large sea bosses, and I kept reminding them. You're a director of the company that I worked for, and I'm still dealing with animal charges that are completely frustrating. I'm just pointing out, what do you say I should do?  do you know what contrad? No,ailing. I can't help. Look to Island, but.  going to you, failing for anything. You have a responsibility to do something; they are failing. I. I the hell?  it wasn't. Myself, I love running the enemy. I'm still doing it, considering I have written about it. I clarify that you have the.  where's the money? Where's the deal? I don't want text messages.  i miss you. Message? I'm sorry, Adam. Do I need to say, go home now? I have travel. Show message?  where are the meetings? You know, fine, you'll have to answer to add sick through all of this. I don't care anymore.  you do. Do you know why you do? Because of the effort we put in previously to show that this is what we were doing for directors changing, and then even with all the years, I wasn't informed; you didn't tell me anything.  I didn't say a word to me. Nothing. Do a thing, mate. I'll go through my phone and find your text messages... so that means you. If she has the capacity, it doesn't mean it.  ok, Adam, we don't need to keep talking because you haven't. All of our shape has been installed by our NAS, all in our shape, all that how well, Andrew is better, as I still have to find out who's a application form for you to be able to trade a big number of city for some. Well, this is what I don't understand. I raised this with you two years ago, and I haven't seen anything across it.. and I simply go, you don't.  I can't believe this. Find out that we've had some hundred thousand of 3 million this year on his account.. what? I've been scammed a hell of a lot, I was, but people have either gone into our bank accounts.  now my problem is I actually told you about this. I told you about this back at the time. This is what she expects. This was when dad passed away.  i didn't know I hadn't scanned anywhere near had out and you produced all these accounts. I then went and wrote to the banks and that was how I found out I wasn't a director. They got back to me saying, we don't have to respond to you at all.  you're still able to get the money. They didn't have the money because it was gone when I became the director. And of that one million was put into good.  and all that, it’s all gone. One doesn’t. It’s got $50,000 or something like that. 2.3 years. That was what was left, money from the side of the front. Where’s the rain? I don’t know. I don’t know; I haven’t got to do something. You sort of scare. I have been having contact with a hundred people. I don’t. Some of the time it’s Ford. Actually, I’ve contacted the police. I’ve contacted the banks. I’ve reported to the police that 255,000, and the Gendigo Bank is supposed to pay that back straight away. But I spoke to Bend Bank, and they said they investigated and cleared that. You know what they keep saying, and I’ve got ‘ggins’ on the Commonwealth Bank act from Nigeria. This app is supposed to be locked to Victoria. No one’s supposed to be able to log in from anywhere else. It’s a really strange happening. Two weeks ago, on a Friday, someone left a message with my reception that you had called up and asked if I could call back in a very strange manner. So I didn’t call back. Then that was on Friday, and then on Tuesday, the reception project said the first call began on Monday, yesterday. They said it doesn’t seem real. They called on a Monday, and they left the message today saying it’s Jeremy, who wants to speak to you about you and Simon. I’m going, how does anyone know that Simon Mitch might be out, which is related? So I called this number, and this really is. I’m friends with the private Jeremy. How are you friends with another Jeremy? What do you mean? as well, I’m trying to for? It’s what they’ve said to me about you. I see, why? Now, you can’t. Jeremy’s been scammed. Something’s been scanned, and we’ve got to give a bitcoin and all this sort of stuff. So I say I don’t want to talk to him, and I hang up. The person then starts calling me through WhatsApp and starts showing me a weird doctor picture of myself and stuff. I blocked him, and then he started sending Simon messages. I asked Simon to block me, and Simon didn’t block him. About a week later, he started sending Simon messages with photos of Dad. One was a photo of Dad when he must have fallen over and hurt his head. They have hacked my phone. I hack my systems every day. I get things like this, and I don’t know why. Some guy on Instagram sends me a photograph. It’s one with lying in. It’s an email from 12 December 2013 between main blind sword south center. I just blocked these people. I have blocked hundreds. It is, I’m going to the phone. Because I live in Sydney, you know, and somehow they had my phone. There was one time I had contacted ING. ING had blocked me out of my account, and they said there’s some plenty of activity you blocked. At that time, I woke up the next morning with $20,000 out of my account. I rang them straight up and said, what’s going on? Oh, sorry, it said pending still. And I said that wasn’t me. I said, well, you know, it was your phone. I said, it can’t be my phone. I’ve been to sleep all night. You brought them last night. I wake up this morning. All I do every day is sit there trying to work out different laws and different people. It’s just outrageous because it’s missing. It’s a whole three. It’s not because we paid. Now, where is all the money from the sale of the farm from Elders Real Estate? I didn’t; Elders National Bank deposited there is something like $230,000 closest to Sab farm. Yet, Clive White was the one that was paid 90%, where the 10%, 900,000. 900,000 was paid either to builders, or it was in the bending account. The amount I got in total there was two. That was not a week.  We never received the money we were promised; instead, we received the second instalment, which amounted to $8.1 million. Subsequently, we were required to pay out $4.25 and $1.60. The total amount we had to pay was $5.85.

The payment details are as follows:

* $5.85
* $4.25
* $1.60

The total amount paid was $11.70.

After paying the $11.70, I deposited $14,200 across the Burjack because the bank had a lot of other bills. When I started making payments, I was shocked to find that the payment was $3,400, which was the same as the price of the property at National Australia Bank.

I was confused and asked why the bank was doing this. I had requested COVID-19 funding, which was supposed to provide two things: interest on the fur and additional capital to the loan. They had already done both of these things.

However, they then dumped the funding onto the loan, making it look as though we were in default. I had also requested COVID-19 small business funding of up to $5 million secured at 3%. The bank had already decided to close us down well before that.

Furthermore, we had not had zero income. We had a full deck of cattle and sheep, and everything on the farm was in order for me to take down. Peter Osola and I had pretended that the biggest ticket was going to be the fur, but I was completely unaware of what was happening. I cannot comment on that further, but all the money is gone. My mother has no money.  I am at a loss as to how to address these unscrupulous individuals. However, that is not the topic of discussion at hand. Mon is I I went to the police and I kept ringing them up saying, are you going to investigate?  you gonna ask someone you? I've never asked the question. need to come and say you. have you and you say yes and you give them all the records and you and they don't. I'll do it again.  It doesn't bother me at all, because it's not a legal to be scan. It's a legal scan.. I talk to you because I don't want have an ide. because you keep thinking of doing these things and I have some he's one of the biggest mistakes I' met.  I haven't told you about it once and that's led you to understand what I think that I've got an ulteri motive or I'iding something. The reasons two bit I reckon we didn't tell you, we really should have three, three. The first time you removed is a doing.  I know you say it as a legal and that. I didn't do it. give me up, your batt Cessily said you must call you have been you written with Crystaluniper in defense of professional negligence for a hell of a long time, but they show me the only time that this guide and come with me is because. He said remove me from seven or eight.  He said there's a possible chance about, and I don't even think so because, you know, you won't pass a second. me finish. I've heard of the guy. I have never ever worked with him before personally, and I was also wasn't aware that he was an expert in confiscation laws.  So when we used him at my firm, had nothing to do with confiscation, but Cecely says he's the best confiscation barrister. worst case scenario of Jeremy's been guilty for the charges on the. The government will say the lots of the farm that the crimes are committed on if he's found guilty and he's a director, they will take it away unless there is a contemporaneous record of from the other to shareholders and the director saying we do nothing about this, we remove the director and there's once the director clears the name, you reappoint the director. That was sole it. there was seven other companies you moving from on the 4th of May, which didn't make any sense whatsoever, because that was nothing to do with the confiscation of us.  I don't know.ice was that wasn'tice from him because by that stage it said we didn't all of them at the same time. We did one company on the 18th of April and was all the rest of them on the 3d of May., what part and the same thing is what I'm saying to you let me finish, Jeremy. None of it was designed to be personal it was., you got arrested for growing drugs on our farm. nothing to do I didn't grow drugs on her farm and that why it was she did.  Well, well who told you I did, didn't? He said that the reason once he kept contacting Simon and I saying, I want to help Jeremy, I feel I owe it to him because he didn't put me in it when we grew the drugs all the time. That's what he said.  Now, and I never actually, I think I met the guy once because he tapped me on the shoulder at a restaurant. Otherwise, I wouldn't know if you embarrassed. But the point I'm making is the mistake I see to mum and dad, you need to let me finish, you need to sit down with Jeremy, your son and tell him what you're doing with these companies and direct the ship why?  Because if you don't Adam, I've read all of your notes. You were the only one with the antagonistic to remove me. There there no one else's advice and they say, not even the barristers..  I was just following the advice. It wasn't the advice. The was to one company another. it's never to do with another seven.  In fact, all.ieve me or not, I didn't do any out of any vindictiveness. and if I made a mistake, I made a mistake. but I any of it to be vindictive, I just did it because the barrister advised me that was the thing to do. feels like a was getting older people taking advant. the first passes away worse. So the second one is you keep saying you keep saying that I reappointed myself as a director five days before dad died. Three days.  A couple of things here. a couple of things. I didn't know Dad was going to die. Two, I've got the text message from Mum.  Simon needed someone to deal with the subpoenas of his selling is putting in. And we had the financial information prepared. Travis McNeil prepared the finial reports.  I Travis sort of did certain things but not others.. I'd never met Travis, Jeremy. I actually never met it in my life.  I make the director don't make me directive, but someone's gotta do this this stuff. So she comes back to me. She sends me a message.  I can send you the message and says, Adam, I've spoken to your father. We want you to become a director again, you not want to do anything without his approval, his words, point yourself as a director and then you can lodge the fors with whatever it is. I't.  This is actually the documentation was put in three days before, but Mum's message is five or six days before. I didn't know it was gonna die. So it's a coincidence that he died five or six days later. doesn't I asked.  I asked because we wanted to do the financo. So the removal. Mum sends me a message.  I'm in Adelaide. I think the right thing to do at the moment, Adam is to remove Jeremy as a director. I'm I'll send it to you.  I'll send it to you. We'll look for it on their phone. I don't think it you look at her home. you it's personal.  You don't think it's right that she have personal messages with people that aren't addressed to you? She told we have a look at her. She doesn't lead half of them.  I know she has discussing read half, but I don't know that it's right that you going to someone else's of half things you? She signed aey for a reason. What did she have capacity when she signed a parapet?  I would imagine what she did, but she doesn't have capacity now. I don't. trying togle something sort of because you've done this before as well. This is the other thing is that you raised when your dad had it and I'll never forget this. when dad sets me ask Adam to borrow the extra money to do a crime capital, you have not been looking after our family in the slightest album.  God, why haven't I been looking after our family? I don't? capital, they overchar a million.  Weren't you our legal represent Jeremy, there's something you got you need to understand. I've never given financial advice. lawyer' not allowed to give financial bus and never will give financial advice. I've never given financials.  What's being a lawyer you got to do with the the fact that dad wanted to take out a line with crime capital, which I said as a son, I don't think you should do it. what have I done wrong to? I don't worry. slow the. It's not gonna go back. keep getting and going me and going.  We'll find out..